feat: add C ndarray interface and refactor implementation for `stats/base/svariancewd` (#4370)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/svariancewd/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( N, correction, x, strideX )
    Computes the variance of a single-precision floating-point strided array
    using Welford's algorithm.

>     The `N` and stride parameters determine which elements in x are accessed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `N` and stride parameters determine which elements in the strided array are accessed
```

You will likely need to rewrap the lines. The point of removing references to `x` is to avoid copy-paste errors in future packages.

    x: Float32Array
        Input array.

    strideX: integer

>         Index increment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Stride Length.
```
same for all other instances in this file
